MAGECLOUD-3054: Implement Database Locks using Zookeeper and flock for Reliable HA Support (#4157)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/env/variables-cloud.md

`MAGENTO_CLOUD_ROUTES` | Describe the routes defined in the environment `.magento/routes.yaml` file.
`MAGENTO_CLOUD_TREE_ID` | The tree ID for the application, which corresponds to the SHA of the tree in Git.
`MAGENTO_CLOUD_VARIABLES` | A base64-encoded JSON object with key-value pairs, such as `"key":"value"`.

> `MAGENTO_CLOUD_LOCKS_DIR` | Contains the path to the mount point where using special File System for locks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MAGENTO_CLOUD_LOCKS_DIR` | Provides the path to the mount point for the lock provider on the Cloud infrastructure. The lock provider prevents duplicate cron jobs and cron groups from launching during deployment.
```

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-warning}

> When attempting to [use environment variables to override configuration settings]({{ site.baseurl }}/guides/v2.2/config-guide/prod/config-reference-var-name.html) using the [Project Web Interface]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-webint-basic.html#project-conf-env-var), you must prepend the variable name with `env:` as in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When attempting to [add your own environment variables to override configuration settings]({{ site.baseurl }}/guides/v2.2/config-guide/prod/config-reference-var-name.html) using the [Project Web Interface]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-webint-basic.html#project-conf-env-var), you must prepend the variable name with `env:` as in the following example.
```
